I’m a 15-year web design veteran, having spent the last 12 primarily contracting for Disney on home video and theatrical properties. For years, Flash was my bread-and-butter, but since then I’ve transitioned to Javascript (like probably 99% of Flash devs).

I’m entirely self-taught till now. I graduated from college with an art degree and without ever having taken CS or anything related to digital media (though in 1995, “digital media” wasn’t a field of study at my alma mater). I picked up some digital graphic design and animation at my first job, then jumped on board a web shop as creative director in 1999 where I first started using Flash. In 2002 I struck out on my own and that’s where I’ve been ever since. My MO has been to learn whatever technologies my client needs at the time, and that’s worked out pretty well for the most part. I’ve built sites for some top-tier properties (Planes, The Muppets, Lion King, Snow White…the list goes on), all the while learning bits and pieces here and there from StackOverflow and CSS-Tricks (for example). I admit that I’ve taken a hack-job approach, and that my code is anything but efficient. But for the most part, the client doesn’t care as long as the site works.

Recently, the development landscape has grown so much faster than I can keep up with it, and my MO isn’t really working anymore. So many new tools have been proliferating that I literally don’t know what I should learn next. I know I need to learn Node.js, Backbone, etc. in order to stay competitive. It’s also become clear that I need to be more collaborative—I can’t work in a bubble anymore.

This is why I signed up with Code Fellows. And now I've edited my readme text: 7/7/14 20:24.